[Music]
we have all the good men gone and where
where's a streetwise Hercules
you're looking particularly beautiful
tonight beautiful tonight
[Music]
they're a problem good the identities of
our serving agents have been exposed the
country is in a state of complete chaos
the universe sends me you sir yes
alright buff we're going on a mission
not a honeymoon destination
south of France sir I'm the Mossad
they're just like lists so they're
French cyclist puffs and they're
obstructing Her Majesty's Secret Service
she's the key to this case I'm not sure
I've ever met a man quite like you let
me clear up the uncertainty fear you
have virtual reality it's completely
immersive and some people lose track of
their actual surroundings I think we can
pretty much guarantee that's not gonna
happen
tell me the agent you've got in the
field is making some progress
target acquired this is a job for the
shoe box inflatable don't Bridget the
car
[Music]
no one must have the slightest clue
we're here
[Music]
till we meet again that was sooner than
I expected this is the grill for you I
called it the Obama come on say Emma's
my mo the Pip Boy
I call this the big black machine oh my
god do you smell gas a little bit came
out but how's the nervous
that's just equivalent you're the best
salesman I've ever seen
I can see you being a stockbroker like
me could you give me a job I wish I
could my boss won't let me hire opt out
look at Mark Zuckerberg he dropped out
of Harvard you dropped out of Piedmont
high that was a couple credits shy of
graduating I gotta get my GED I'm the
principal of this school I can do
whatever I want yo ring my house are you
using a blank voice no I don't hear
color all right let's do some
introductions my name is Carrie I'm here
to make a little extra cash so that I
can afford this warrant that I got but
that's none of our business
welcome to night school
this book is kind of thick I thought
it'd be more like a leaflet it's not
gonna do the work drop the class no I do
the work you'll see we'll see
yes we will great superb excellent good
[Music]
you're gonna be a financial analyst I am
and it starts immediately I have been
waiting on the Lord to bring me a
pint-sized little man who can fill this
out let me get you chicken from the Lord
you take that test I tend to wash your
way are you trying to get some GV are
you trying to get your GED yes you can
get out my way be
my suspicions were correct oh you're
clinically them there is no cure for
what you have oh my god I gotta learn
and purpose I got the gift that people
given boy you did the black boys thing
we had it's not a black voice not a
black voice you don't remember when you
was in that meeting he was like we gonna
get it lit up and hear this meeting lid
it was very lit I keep it 100 when have
I ever not kept it 100
oh hello good morning
have you never been invited to a run
share a breakfast looks like a game
Butch Cassidy except not butch
oh man a roll call candidacy though you
can't say [ __ ] hound on basic cable
do you guys do this at home oh no we
don't get along this well at home that
artichoke suit is sad but if we use this
as a base we can make individuals for
martyr come on it's for motto and limos
aren't we gay enough there Erasmus this
is your grandson you have a grandson
unbelievable in the plane look I had no
work done where's the father
well according to the note he's in new
jail so he's moving in thank God for
that coyote problem solve with Child
Protective Services
I'm just gonna look around come this way
please sex wars Phantom pack what they
do is take recognize title and give it a
bit of a cheeky twist
bareback mountain that's unusual in the
source material is also gay you have
like two dads
sort of
Shh I'm gonna be out of here before New
Year's the boys settled in there in the
center Frankie's my daddy I want to stay
listen to me you're not going anywhere
you won't let it happen you have the
biggest heart of any man right now
[Music]
effective immediately you're up want the
sand dick and Sheriff's Department is
turning it
we're not deputies in the hell are we or
nothing can take and chairs there deputy
on duty two deputies on duty that chick
came out one short prisoner 6:40 catch
the son of a [ __ ] caption prisoner
eternal justice heroes I'm sure it's you
you better put that gun down or I will
literally shoot you in the back of the
head with this raft he murdered a deputy
in cold blood
you could shoot me but I ain't going
back don't think he won't try it again I
ain't a killer and the jury decided
otherwise
yeah seven white man if I like them
his special place in hell for yoga I had
my way I'd send you there right now
one fears innocent nobody's got a little
sleep over a dead cop killer
we killed nobody say it again
ain't no justice and executing an
innocent man Sheriff
you just make the biggest mistake he Oh
goddamn laughs every man's got something
loose you see where I'm going with this
bad you know bad for deputies we stick
together
read it run from it the end is near
we're gonna need some help Eddie big
buck not that for the end of the world
[Music]
Derek don't fight for one
we fight for all of them
Avengers infinity war when you said we
were going to open what conduct to the
rest of the world this is not what I
imagined for the viewer margin the
Olympics maybe even a Starbucks
everywhere April 27th hello
you're Luis I presume
[Music]
[Applause]
you'll say things are quite different
here
[Music]
[Applause]
the house is a very old place
there's a clock in the walls
we don't know what it does except
something horrible
so you've told Luis everything well not
everything
[Music]
have a look around you're perfectly safe
that's safe as long as it's fed tonight
allows people a release for all the
hatred and violence if they keep up
inside them this won't bring him back
it won't make you feel any better thank
you it is a night that is defining our
country
citizens this will be a tradition we
celebrate every year join the first
purge how do you think says always see
tonight people are now calling this
controversial experiment of legalized
crime the purge you and I they just stay
with me doing approach oh we're gonna be
fine on how we are here with dr. May up
Dale
she came up with this experiment is the
purge a political device it is a
psychological one if we want to save our
country we must release all our anger in
one night tonight will see the good and
evil and everyone this is your emergency
broadcast system announcing the
commencement of the first purge our
neighborhood is under siege from a
government who doesn't give a [ __ ] about
any of us at the siren all crime
including murder will be legal for 12
hours there's a lot of good people out
there who we gonna have to protect you
all emergency services will be suspended
we gotta be prepared for anything your
government thanks you for your
participation parties you predicted a
much higher level of participation human
nature does not obey the laws of
politics what the hell is going on
they all ex-military some funky going
down D you're saving soldiers into the
island disguised as citizens this
country needs for this to work
no one's coming to help us
after tonight nothing will ever be the
same again they forgot about one thing
they forgot about us what have I got
[Applause]
thanks drawing I I'm coming
just remember all the good the purge
does promise me I promise
[Music]
a quiet place rated pg-13 be the first
to see it Thursday night are you
searching for something
wish you could restart well now you can
okay everybody who's ready to change
their lives today join us well as you
try a brand new program and face your
demons today
[Music]
thank you so much now you're cleansing
kit each kit contains four drinks which
you must consume by the end of the day
the next stage will be the elimination
process question when you say
elimination process you you mean like
necessary the cleanse you drank has
expelled all the negativity from your
life and put it into what you see before
you
[Applause]
something came out of me that's
perfectly normal
what am I supposed to do what the hell
is that you haven't seen your I know
this can be a scary process you wouldn't
believe what came out of it
doctor I get better it was smaller first
once you finish this will be a beautiful
thing
[Music]
okk as a quadriplegic must be
frustrating for you someone who liked to
get things done of their hands
is the thing for guys murdered my life I
could find these men dude what if I told
you I could offer you something that
would enable you to walk again
I call it stem a computer chip that has
potential to change everything it's a
new better brain
I instead the system operating your body
for you we can anybody else here you
know only you may I point something out
in the drum surveillance footage sir
Brandtner Marine Corps address for one
for citrus Newgrounds we need a plan
I've got this this doesn't seem like a
[Music]
stay down
[Applause]
you are involved in this somehow they
need to let me know well I was in the
area detectives wanted inside
[Music]
spend what do you think I should do you
are persistent
and I cannot allow us to kill we were
going to finish the job we started
you didn't know that I'm a ninja
why I am state of the art I am NOT a
ninja this is a warning not a distress
call do not board this ship
do not bring a night flyer back to earth
[Music]
what do you want you I'm here to extend
you an opportunity one last mission you
get your life back
retreat the asset you go home to your
family or do you have something very
special for sale is how you found it
it's not working so did you want it took
us go when you find it
Iranian media has dubbed it the horror
of hamadan droid infantry units deployed
in Iran are used in warfare joints like
this one have been terrorized in Mexican
city of Juarez they've been taken to see
in blood not bottle cartel as a worth
does in these streets
finding do what you have to do but don't
come home without him
let us welcome you to one hands with
some real Mexican hospitality
making droids tricky business not for
streaming here in Juarez my weapon
[Laughter]
[Music]
welcome they must be from California
it's gonna be all right just the corner
the one that looks the loneliest and
speaking short sentences hello my name
is n is short for Henry I'm Sam
self at this Punk do more ultimate what
do people do well in ordinary day we do
what we want
have you no restrictions that was the
future I slept at his house and met his
mom sorry that's my first time at this
it's taking longer than I expected and
we engaged in incomplete sexual activity
[Music]
she's not my mother I bet they
participate in some bizarre sex rituals
no how do you have that I just don't see
happening you have less than 24 hours to
rectify the situation you're in extreme
danger we have to leave now
Sam needs hope we'll need backup we may
have caught this planner up royally but
at least we're alive we like to eat we
like to dance
and we try and fix what I parents
screwed up
are you locked with me
chronic she's an artist she is the
history of fashion like no other
designer she's a legend
modern graphic she's explosive
yes I'm sure your gratitude is quite him
expressible I first encounter Edna's
work I remember sitting in Paris along
dying Lila hmm she's very intimidating
outrageous you love can't survive
Edna's a divisive figure that's like
elincia glue a baton Edna she's a
visionary a giant I mean well not
literally she comes up to my knees my
favorite add new pieces the nuclear ones
the rocket stilettos everyone has said
apiece don't ask me to do it again
darling my rates are far too have you
ever heard anything so ruthless
and they can't all pull it off I'm not
all dark and angsty I'm Elastigirl Edna
designed this no some guy named
Alexander gehlbach I would say Edna mode
is like the modern-day Andy Warhol but I
think Andy Warhol looked up to her bravo
Bravo darling no bill will be covered by
my feet for being mr. incredible
Elastigirl and frozen's exclusive
designer throughout the known universe
and until the end
[Music]
the darkness crawled over the forest not
another soul to be seen a terrible
intuition that vampires
Tony you know this vampire stuff is
make-believe right myths and stories
that's all
[Music]
what's your name Tony Thompson Rudolph
sackful bag ready to fly
I don't know how your mortals can start
walking everywhere you have a vampire
infestation our fate in the hands of a
mortal he's my friend saved my life
you stay here it's asleep
occupied
[Music]
can I read this isn't like you sound the
words and you look at the pictures he
actually believes he's done guilty it's
going to be hot
[Music]
[Applause]
I
[Music]